README.md, before:


# Tasker

Created by Laura Berge as part of the Flatiron School Curriculum.
The project required an MVC CRUD Sinatra web application.


## About Tasker (more can be found in the about page of the application):

Tasker is an application made for not only keeping track of your tasks
and assignments, but also being able to share those tasks within a group. When you
create a profile with Tasker, you automatically get a group called "My Tasks"
that is meant to contain any personal tasks you may have.
You can change the name of this group to anything you wish, add members if you choose,
or even delete it. You can create new groups and title them as you wish. Within
any of your groups, you can create tasks.


## Install Instructions

 If you want to run Tasker, feel free to fork and clone this repo. Make sure to
run both:

bundle install

rake db:migrate

before starting. Then feel free to run shotgun to play around with the application
and create profiles locally.


## Contributing

Since this application was primarily made for educational purposes, anyone is welcome
to contribute. Make sure any pull requests have meaningfully commit messages that
accurately and completely describe any changes. Do not include any changes that are
not in the commit message.

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/lberge17/tasker. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The app is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Tasker project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/lberge17/tasker/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

fixed some minor styling and updated README and about page to more accurately fit app as is currently.

README.md, after:


# Tasker

Created by Laura Berge as part of the Flatiron School Curriculum.
The project required an MVC CRUD Sinatra web application.


## About Tasker (more can be found in the about page of the application):

Tasker is an application made for not only keeping track of your tasks
and assignments, but also being able to share those tasks within a group. When you
create a profile with Tasker, you automatically get a group called "My Tasks"
that is meant to contain any personal tasks you may have.
You can change the name of this group to anything you wish, add members if you choose,
or even delete it. You can create new groups and title them as you wish. Within
any of your groups, you can create tasks. See the about page of the app or the about file
(app/views/about.html.erb) for more information.


## Install Instructions

If you want to run Tasker, feel free to fork and clone this repo. Make sure to
run both:

bundle install

rake db:migrate

before starting. Then feel free to run shotgun to play around with the application
and create profiles locally.


## Contributing

Since this application was primarily made for educational purposes, anyone is welcome
to contribute. Make sure any pull requests have meaningfully commit messages that
accurately and completely describe any changes. Do not include any changes that are
not in the commit message.

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/lberge17/tasker. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The app is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Tasker project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/lberge17/tasker/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
